To recap what you
learned in sensor fusion,
a car's heading, or yaw
angle, is its orientation.
Yaw is often measured from
the x-axis in map coordinates
with counterclockwise
angles being positive.
In this situation, the car's yaw
is positive pi over 4 radians.
Assuming constant turn
rate and velocity,
the equations to find the new
position of the car, which
you derived previously
in the fusion module,
are shown again here.
These set of equations are valid
when the yaw rate, theta dot,
is equal to zero.
Here, x sub f, y sub
f, and theta sub f,
represent the final x position,
y position, and yaw of the car,
while x sub zero, y sub
zero, and theta sub zero
represent the initial
x position, y position,
and yaw of the car.
Finally, v is the
velocity of the car,
and dt is the time elapsed.
If the yaw rate is not zero, you
have these equations instead,
which you first saw
in sensor fusion,
because you'll have to take into
account the change in the car's
heading as it moves.
Next, I want you
to think about some
of the other possible rotations
of the vehicle besides the yaw.